Add quickstart guide (#69)
astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers: README.md

This project is maintained by [Astronomer](https://astronomer.io).

## Prerequisites

- Apache Airflow >= 2.4.0.

## Install

The apache-airflow-provider-transfers is available at [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/). Use the standard Python
[installation tools](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/).

To install a cloud-agnostic version of the apache-airflow-provider-transfers, run:

```shell
pip install apache-airflow-provider-transfers
```

You can also install dependencies for using the `UniversalTransferOperator` with popular cloud providers:

```shell
pip install apache-airflow-provider-transfers[amazon,google,snowflake]
```

> ## Quickstart

Reviewer: It may be worth giving a head's up that the user can choose how to trigger the DAG to be run in Airflow and that we are illustrating two approaches:
1. Spinning up a local Airflow infrastructure using the open-source Astro CLI and Docker
2. Using vanilla Airflow and Python

Author: [Done](https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/pull/69/commits/88ff234490b9a21102bbc1367ffcec92c614e299)

### Run `UniversalTransferOperator` using [astro](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-first-dag)

> * Create an [Astro project](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-first-dag).

Reviewer: Should we add a link to Astro CLI in the Prerequisites?
https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli

And perhaps also add Docker as a prerequisite?

Author: [Done](https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/pull/69/commits/88ff234490b9a21102bbc1367ffcec92c614e299)

    ├── plugins # For any custom or community Airflow plugins
    │   └── example-plugin.py
    ├── tests # For any DAG unit test files to be run with pytest
    │   └── test_dag_integrity.py # Test that checks for basic errors in your DAGs
    ├── airflow_settings.yaml # For your Airflow connections, variables and pools (local only)
    ├── packages.txt # For OS-level packages
    └── requirements.txt # For Python packages (add apache-airflow-provider-transfers here)

  * Add the following in requirements.txt

    ```text
    apache-airflow-provider-transfers[all]
    ```

  * Copy file named [example_transfer_and_return_files.py](./example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py) and [example_snowflake_transfers.py](./example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py) and add it to the `dags` directory of your Airflow project:

   https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/04b53d780790eaa3b424458742bc89d6fbec2ccd/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py#L1-L45

   https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/a80dc84b7f33bb86ae244f79411b240f4f4c7e22/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py#L1-L46

>    Alternatively, you can download `example_transfer_and_return_files.py`
>    ```shell
>     curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py
>    ```
> 
>    Alternatively, you can download `example_snowflake_transfers.py`
>    ```shell
>    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, you can download both `example_transfer_and_return_files.py` and `example_snowflake_transfers.py` using the command line:
   
   ```shell
    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py
    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py
   ```
```

Author: [Done](https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/pull/69/commits/88ff234490b9a21102bbc1367ffcec92c614e299)

>   * To start running your project in a local Airflow environment, run the following command from your project directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * To start running the example DAGs in a local Airflow environment, run the following command from your project directory:
```

Author: [Done](https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/pull/69/commits/88ff234490b9a21102bbc1367ffcec92c614e299)

    ```shell
    astro dev start
    ```
  * After your project builds successfully, open the Airflow UI in your web browser at https://localhost:8080/. Find your DAGs in the dags directory in the Airflow UI.

>   * Create airflow connection for snowflake, google, SFTP and amazon using airflow UI and run the DAGs.

Reviewer: Would it be worth adding an example of how to add the connections necessary for the example DAGs?

    export AIRFLOW_HOME=`pwd`
    airflow db init
    ```

  * Add the following in requirements.txt

    ```text
    apache-airflow-provider-transfers[all]
    ```

  * Copy file named [example_transfer_and_return_files.py](./example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py) and [example_snowflake_transfers.py](./example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py) and add it to the `dags` directory of your Airflow project:

   https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/04b53d780790eaa3b424458742bc89d6fbec2ccd/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py#L1-L45

   https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/a80dc84b7f33bb86ae244f79411b240f4f4c7e22/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py#L1-L46

   Alternatively, you can download `example_transfer_and_return_files.py`
   ```shell
    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py
   ```

   Alternatively, you can download `example_snowflake_transfers.py`
   ```shell
   curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py

>    ```

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can download both `example_transfer_and_return_files.py` and `example_snowflake_transfers.py` using the command line:
   
   ```shell
    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_transfer_and_return_files.py
    curl -O https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/blob/main/example_dags/example_snowflake_transfers.py

>    ```

Author: [Done](https://github.com/astronomer/apache-airflow-provider-transfers/pull/69/commits/88ff234490b9a21102bbc1367ffcec92c614e299)
